Remote clusters missing use cases and structural changes (#4170)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/remote-clusters/_snippets/eck_rcs_connect_intro.md

<!--
This snippet is in use in the following locations:
- eck-remote-clusters-from-external.md
- ec-enable-ccs-for-eck.md
- ece-enable-ccs-for-eck.md

It requires local_type_generic substitution to be defined
-->

> On the local {{local_type_generic}}, add the remote ECK cluster using {{kib}} or the {{es}} API with the following connection settings:

Reviewer: little flip for clarity

```suggestion
On the local {{local_type_generic}}, use {{kib}} or the {{es}} API to add the remote ECK cluster with the following connection settings:
```

> * **Remote address**: Use the FQDN or IP address of the LoadBalancer service, or similar resource, you created to expose the remote cluster server interface (for API key-based authentication) or the transport interface (for TLS certificate-based authentication), and the port.

Reviewer: this is quite dense. I suggest some child bullets so it's easier to scan. something like ... 

```suggestion
* **Remote address**: Use the FQDN or IP address of the LoadBalancer service or alternative resource that you created to expose the remote cluster.

	* For API key-based authentication, use the server interface address and port.
	* For TLS certificate-based authentication, use the transport interface address and port.
```
